## ESP8266-ESP-01-ARDUINO-POWERED-MQTT-LEAK-DETECTOR-REMOTE-ALARM-RECEIVER
NO ONE enjoys water/liquid of any kind leaking into places that it just doesn't belong. The worst part of that scenario is that it tends to happen where you currently 'happen not to be'...your basement, a utility closet, maybe even your attic or garage. Setting up a WiFi connected sensor in a potential 'leak-zone', and a remote alarm nearer to you waiting for meaningful alarm messages sent from that sensor might be a GREAT IDEA!  MQTT is the key to this project, just as it was in the ESP8266Arduino-MQTT-Memo-Minder project. The only difference is that instead of sending MQTT text messages from an App on your phone, the MQTT messages will be sent from the re-configured code on the ESP8266ESP-01-Arduino-Powered-Leak-Detector.

##There are many typical and overlooked problems in our society that don't seem very dangerous but have really bad consequences. One such problem is overflowing drains, it causes unhygienic conditions that lead to many diseases. The reason this happens is because many-a-times the authorities don't get the information of drains overflowing very soon and hence can't take appropriate actions in time. 
 
But imagine, now, that as soon as a drain is about to overflow, the municipality/municipal corporation and/or the local authorities get notified '_instantly_' via email and even a tweet! This instant notification will help the authorities take actions much faster which will lead to not only cleaner and more hygienic environment but also prevention of water-borne and mosquito-transmitted diseases. 
 
It's a portable IoT based T-style equipment, which can easily be fitted below drainage Man-hole cover. It is mainly used for Real-time tracking of Drainage overflow, where we can see the exact location on web portal and also notification can be sent via any Messaging server. This equipment will be charged via Solar and Piezoelectric, and having an extraordinary battery life. 
